you
[Music]
when it comes to westerns many people
think the Chandler peaked in the 50s and
60s however it wasn't until the 90s that
dr. Quinn Medicine Woman hit the air
taking place in the eighteen hundreds a
wealthy doctor named Michaela Queen
moves from Boston to the world West
after her father dies when she drives
she takes on a motherly role for her
nieces and nephews while juggling her
own practice as the first female doctor
a small town of Colorado Springs has
ever seen a series wasn't expected to be
picked up at all but ran for six seasons
from 1993 to 1998 the show proved
insanely popular with audiences liking
the guts determination and compassion of
its leading lady the high jinks of a 3/8
of the children in the lugged appeal of
Sally mountain men who stole her heart
you're watching another episode of how
they changed and hear all the hidden
details the series fans might have
missed over the course of six seasons of
frontier medical melodrama Joe lander is
almost as Rock the Sally
man who didn't want to get a stunt
double so unless something was very
dangerous for him to do himself it was
all him he said he was willing to do
things like eat wombs and run on top to
train because he couldn't imagine
himself having another what you need to
do them sometimes this commitment to the
craft was put to the test and included
lando eating life worms and sad
if Sally would do anything to survive in
the wild Ernest Zoolander plus his
opinion at the end of the day was when
was he ever going to have this sort of
opportunity again
dr. queen was offered to say more at a
lucky time in an interview with NPR same
admitted that she would have taken any
role offered to her at the time of dr.
Queen
I've been married to one of the top
business managers and one day I found
out that I was completely beyond
bankrupt she said like 9 million doula
in the red with losses from every major
bank including the FDIC 300 days note is
a part of the Queen's pallet and she
signed a five-year contract the next
morning the Queen was quite the vixen
now the series was only on the air for
six seasons five men proposed to her she
accepted one proposal then he died and
Sally proposed to her and they got
married but honestly that's what viewers
had wanted all along anyway there were a
lot of cast changes when the pilot aired
produces didn't expected to get picked
up as a series billing it as a TV movie
instead
when it did get picked up many actors
were unable to commit to the grueling
schedule and were replaced most notably
child star Erika Flores let her rule as
Colin Koopa after two seasons after
producers refused the race it's replaced
with Jessica Bowman at one time Colorado
Springs was exactly the neighborhood
that Fred Rogers wanted to visit in the
episode deal with the devil reverend
timothy johnson's mentor comes to town
and he wants to do everything in his
power to make a good impression and fix
up his run down Church when Reverend
Thomas arrives is no one else than
Mister Rogers himself Fred Rogers had
never had an acting cruddud before
besides starring in his own kids show
but he was so impressed with dr. Quinn
Medicine Woman that he requested to be
part of the show
he wrote the guest star part around him
and he appears as the Connelly clergyman
after all since at one time frittatas
wanted to become a priest you can still
join a fan club if he will be fan of
William Shockley who played the brothel
owner Hulk Olsen you can join an active
fan club called hangs horses the group
attended a red-carpet premiere for a
movie he was in albums were recorded at
Jane Samos home while filming happened
same had to live in California even her
home in England empty well kind of st.
Catherine's chord whom Anaheim's was
used as a recording studio radio had
recorded okay computer secure recorded
wild mood swings a new order recorded
waiting for the sirens call no the Queen
got proposed to several times as
committed as she was to her work dr.
Quinn also have some time to fraternize
with the gentlemen of Colorado Springs
if our queen may have had her hands who
with reopen children a responsibility of
the health and well-being of the people
of the town but that didn't stop her
from getting proposed to numerous times
over the course of the series for those
keeping score at home she was proposed
to by David Lewis Reverend Timothy
Johnson fellow doctor William Burke and
enriched raus she said he has to David
Lewis but thought he was killed he would
later return the Sandra Strauss eating
her free to accept solace proposal after
turning down the others well there were
many Morrible guest stars on the series
few actors fully embodied the rustic
frontier character they were asked to
play exactly like Willie Nelson fastest
alia spurge legendary row man who works
together with dr. Queen and Sally to
bring a gang of bank robbers to justice
Ellis bird comes at the behest of
Colorado Springs Sheriff
who was the town folk believe isn't up
to the task of defending them since he
doesn't wear for
determined to prove them wrong he learns
under the Craigie marshals instruction
has killed over 100 out rules in his
time ironically no firearms are used in
bringing the robbers to justice in
season 6 of the series but Irene Sully
was missing and seriously injured
dr. Queen and John Schneider's character
Daniel go in search of him and Michaela
keeps seeing white blossoms that Daniel
doesn't notice it's only later when she
comes upon a large concentration of them
that you find Silas body laying in the
bushes next to a giant slab of rock the
episode was designed around the fact
that Joe Lando who was also appearing on
the soap opera guiding light may not be
returning to the series enniaa was
invented as a possible replacement as
michaelis love interest but Sally turned
out to be injured not dead Orlando
agreed to stay on Joe landed didn't know
how to dance in the episode where the
heart is sally maccarrol are getting
more serious and Sally enlists the help
of : to teach him how to dance she comes
to his hotel room to guide him through
walls in an effort to impress Michaela
in Boston a mountain man finds himself
with two left feet back in season two
Michaela tried to teach Sally how to
dance with equally poor results in the
DVD commentary for the series learned
the Joe Lando also didn't know how to
dance and it was actually chained sayma
that led him through all the steps to
learn the ones again trying to give as
much authenticity to his character as
possible
aside from Willie Nelson another guest
star that makes total sense to appear on
the series is no and other than the man
in black himself Johnny Cash he plays in
near the well gunslinger trying to put
his violent life behind him when he
comes to Colorado Springs
not only does cash look completely at
home in the setting he gets a decent
character arc beginning at showdown at
high noon when a young pound tries to
make a name for himself by killing the
legendary Keith Cole he does a perfect
job at looking drained and exhausted
from proving himself every day of his
life a trend which continues in every
episode he appears in with new
challenges there is a dramatic departure
in tone in the sixth season and it may
have seemed reasonable that following
its introduction of darker themes CBS
decided to cancel the series had nothing
to do with what the cast writers wanted
and everything to do with CBS's rating
system and the demographic they wanted
to secure when the series began it was
popular with 18 to 49 year old men and
women but by its sixth season it's only
popular with women over 40 in an effort
to get their prized demographic back
produces encourage try to us to
introduce events like mckaela's
miscarriage and her PTSD from being shot
you're shaped in the proof and the
series was canceled and that's all for
today if you like if you enjoyed this
episode comment and subscribe
take care friends